[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[spooky music]
[thunderclap]
- ♪ Harvey ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Harvey ♪
[light upbeat music]
[children laughing]
♪ ♪
- Step right up
and prepare
to be terrified
by our corn maze!
You'll get tons of nightmares
just thinking about it.
- Aw, neat, a corn maze.
May we go inside, sir?
- If you think
you can handle it.
[laughter]
- Great.
- Yes. Come into this totally
terrifying maze.
You'll never--
- Hey, guys, I found the exit.
- Huh?
- Oh, man, that was so fun!
- [chuckles]
Well, pretty scary, huh?
- No way.
It was extremely pleasant.
I can't stop smiling.
- Are you sure
you are not a little scared?
- No, dude, it was way easy.
- [retches]
- Laisser.
- Hey, that guy's giving away
cider and donuts.
- Cool.
- No, guys, those cost money.
- So the little children
do not think our corn maze
is scary, eh?
Well, we shall show them
next year.
[spooky music]
♪ ♪
[light upbeat music]
[children laughing]
- Wow, guys.
I really like your costumes.
- I am the spirit of fall.
They ran out of costumes
at the store.
- Harvey, are you
a kitty cat?
- Oh, no, I'm a mailman.
A mailman who went out
in a full moon
and was bitten by a werewolf.
I roam the streets looking
for fresh victims...
and also delivering small
to mid-size packages.
- Oh...
I'm a flower.
- Quiet down,
you whippersnappers!
You there.
Paper boy.
- I'm actually
not a paper boy.
You see, I'm a mailman
who went out on a full--
- He's a werewolf.
- Dude, it's me, Fee.
- I just thought you were
actually like a weird, old man.
- [chuckles] Yeah.
Hey, has anyone seen Foo?
- Who can guess what I am?
- Uh...
- I'm a pumpkin. See?
- Oh, hey, look at that.
But why are you naked?
- Pumpkins don't wear clothes,
Harvey.
- I told you
they wouldn't get it.
Better put these back on.
Bunch of prudes.
- So, what should we do first?
- I don't care, as long
as it's not that--
- Corn maze!
[all sighing]
Corn maze, corn maze!
- I don't want to do
the corn maze.
It's boring.
- Oh, come on.
It'll take five minutes.
- Okay, fine.
But after this,
Foo and I want to go
smash some pumpkins.
- Yes, sir.
- [laughs] Have fun
in the corn maze, children.
Have fun...forever!
[laughing evilly]
- ♪ Doop doop ♪
♪ Dooby-dooby doop dooey
doop doop ♪
♪ Dooby-dooby doop dooey ♪
This is great.
It's just like last year.
- Yeah, same dumb signs
as last year too.
- Um, do corn mazes
have bathrooms?
I was hitting it pretty hard
at the cider booth earlier.
- Oh, I don't know what it is,
but something about this place
gives me the creeps.
- Oh, come on.
It's just corn.
- Yeah, it's not creepy at all.
[muffled scream]
[all scream]
- Ah, stupid corn!
- Phew. It wasn't a monster.
It's just Princess.
- I guess those things
are different.
- Yeah, I've been lost
in this stupid maze for hours.
- Well, why don't you follow us?
We'll be out of here
in a jiffy.
In fact, the exit should be
right around this corner.
Oh...
[wind blowing]
Uh, no big deal.
We'll just come back
the way we came.
Huh?
"You look corn-fused"?
What the--
- Wow, Harvey, you kind
of do look corn-fused.
- Was this wall here
a second ago?
- I know what's happening.
The walls are alive.
They're trying to trap us.
- Don't be crazy.
It's not like we're gonna be
trapped in here forever.
[nervous laughter echoes]
- You still have hope.
Not me.
The maze stole my hope, and
it'll steal yours soon enough.
I've seen the sunrise
three times
since I've been stuck in here.
There's no escape.
I've been surviving
on Halloween candy.
- Why didn't you just
eat the corn?
- I don't like corn.
- Do you want to come with us?
We're gonna find the exit.
- Nah. You guys just--
just go on without me.
I'll see you on the other side.
- Okay, see you then.
- What a nice guy.
- Harvey, it's getting late.
When are we getting out
of this maze?
- We're gonna miss all
the other fun stuff at the fair.
- Harvey!
I have to go!
- So we got a little
turned around.
That's not so bad.
And at least we still have
the light of the sun.
Okay, so it's pretty bad.
- We're trapped!
We're trapped forever!
[groaning]
- I'm sure we can find a way
out of this maze.
We just have to stay calm.
- [groaning]
- Princess!
- I'm getting out of here!
- Princess, come back!
- [screaming]
- How is she so fast?
all: Princess!
- Her tiara.
- What happened to Princess?
- The maze must've took her.
- She's got to be
around here somewhere.
So let's just split up
and look for her.
all: Princess! Princess!
Princess, where are you?
Princess,
where are you?
- Hey, I know.
Let's do roll-call
to make sure
we're all here.
I'll go first.
Piri Piri, present.
Rooter?
- Uh, present.
But I think we lost Kratz.
both: Kratz! Kratz!
- Ah, much better.
Okay, I'm all done, you guys.
Guys?
Uh-oh.
[suspenseful music]
[owl hooting]
- I can't even tell
where we are anymore.
All this corn looks the same.
- Let's use
the always-turn-left system.
If you turn left
at every corner,
you'll eventually find the exit.
- Which way is left?
- You just hold up
both your hands.
And whichever one makes
the L shape is left.
Wait a minute.
But if I turn it the other way,
this one makes the L,
and this one--
oh, no.
Which one is left?
We're never gonna get out
of this maze.
[screaming]
- Fee?
- Yeah, Foo?
- Has Harvey gone insane?
- Yes, Foo.
Yes, he has.
- [hyperventilating]
The exit has to be around here.
It has to.
[screams]
[wind blowing]
[panting]
[screams]
[all scream]
I am corn-fused!
- Look. The corn.
It's moving!
[corn rustling]
- [whimpers] Oh...
- Okay.
Corn mazes
are officially scary.
We're all gonna die!
- [gasps]
Foo! That's it!
You're digging us to safety.
- Ooh, good idea!
I was digging our graves.
- Come on, let's dig!
[all grunting]
- Dig faster!
♪ ♪
Oh, that was crazy.
[laughter]
[soil crumbling]
[all scream]
[groans]
- Where are we?
[laughter]
- Yes.
Yes!
This is very entertaining!
[laughter]
- The squirrels have been
watching us this whole time?
- Those tiny jerks!
- Long Jean,
go back to camera seven.
- Hello?
[beep and whirring]
[corn rustling]
- Ooh!
Why do bad things always happen
to me?
[laughter]
- Did you hear what he said?
That's so funny!
- That's it.
I'm gonna kill them.
- Wait.
I have a better idea.
Let's give 'em a taste
of their own medicine.
Foo, you start digging
that way.
And Fee, I want you to...
[whispers indistinctly]
- Ahh, all this laughing has
given me an appetite.
Sean Jean,
go to the kitchen and get us
some French fries and milk, eh?
- [gibberish]
Eh?
[screams]
- [gasps]
What was that?
Sean Jean, are you in there?
- [roars]
- Aah!
It's a demon!
Everyone, to the exit!
What the heck?
- [hissing]
- Ah!
To the other exit!
[dramatic music]
Something keeps blocking
our tunnels!
A monster?
A vampire?
- [howls]
- Sacrebleu!
A werewolf!
- Not just any werewolf,
but a mailman werewolf.
Also a pumpkin and an old man.
- Eh!
- Ha!
It's just the dumb, little,
baby childrens.
- You can't trap kids
in a giant corn maze!
It's messed up!
[soil cracking]
- Uh, the dirt you used
to block our tunnels...
where did you get it?
- I don't know.
I just dug all over.
- You fool!
This place is going to collapse!
[alarm blares]
[all screaming]
- We gotta get out of here!
Harvey, come on!
[alarm blares]
♪ ♪
- Yes! Yeah!
- Woo-hoo!
[both cheering]
- Whew!
- Guys, you're all right!
You made it out of the maze.
- Yes, uh, thank you
for saving us back there.
- You're welcome.
- You're lucky Harvey
was with us.
- Please, little boy, tell me.
The corn maze, was it scary?
- Oh, my gosh, yeah!
- It was terrifying.
- Ah!
That is all I wanted to hear.
Please, please, come.
I will buy you all something
from the snack bar.
[all cheering]
- Whoa, yes!
- Sounds good to me,
just as long as it's not corn.
[laughter]
- Oh, that's funny!
♪ ♪
[both howling]
Rooter: Once upon a time,
there was a scary goblin
who fed on fear.
His victims called him
the Blargus.
He terrorized kids
from sunup to sundown,
and every scream
made him stronger.
- [screams]
Rooter: Now,
on every Hallow's Eve,
the Blargus waits
in the shadow,
- hungry for blood!
[creature growls]
That's why every year,
we gather
and tell the scariest story
we can.
The Blargus is listening, and
if our story isn't scary enough,
he'll come out,
and he'll grab us all
in his big jaws,
and he'll say...
- Ah-booooo!
[spooky music]
♪ ♪
I don't mean
to toot my own horn,
but I've been workshopping
some stories
that'll really scare
your pants off.
- Candy corn.
- Huh?
- I'm starting the story.
We'll say, "Candy corn,"
when we want a turn,
and then we'll pass along
the story pumpkin.
- Right.
Carry on.
- Okay, everybody,
we need to make this
as scary as possible
to keep the Blargus away.
It was a dark, cold night.
Some hopeless kids were lost
in the woods.
- What if we can't find
our way home?
- We'll have to sleep
in the trees.
Two per branch to utilize
our body heat.
And then the leader
did some backflips.
- Look!
I found a pond!
- That's no pond.
It's a footprint!
That's when the kids saw him.
The Blargus!
[all scream]
- Candy corn!
[laughs]
The kids ran up a hill.
- The Blargus
is right behind us!
- We gotta hide
in that creepy house!
[thunderclap]
It's got tons
of haunted windows.
So many windows.
And one is like,
"Throw rocks at me!"
And the other window is like,
"Break us!"
So they threw rocks.
Then they all broke.
- Oh, candy corn!
Candy corn!
All right,
like everything in life,
I'm going to base this
on a dream I had.
All the kids trembled
as they saw
the Blargus's gnarled feet
lurch by.
- For real though, guys,
he's gonna eat us.
Piri Piri: Suddenly an apple
appeared.
And a baby was inside!
The baby danced...until all
these horses appeared.
The horses sang...
♪ You are the queen
of the horses now ♪
And then they all played
the steel drums.
[all banging steel drums]
- Ugh, so unsettling.
- Candy corn! Candy corn!
Oh, man, you guys
are in for it now.
So the kids continued down
the hallway,
not knowing what was lurking
in the shadows.
Oh, my gosh!
What is that?
- [gasps]
Is it the Blargus?
- No.
It's a coat rack...
with a coat that's missing
two buttons.
Whoever wears this can never
button it all the way.
Aaaaaah!
Oh...
- Harvey,
you know these stories
are supposed to be scary, right?
- Um, yeah, okay.
So then, the kids find
a television,
and it's on
a really boring channel.
- [on TV]
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Harvey: But when he tries
to change it,
the TV doesn't switch.
Because there's no batteries
in the remote!
- Candy corn!
- Uh...wait.
Then the kids find
a fresh batch of toaster tarts,
but when they bite into them,
the inside is still frozen!
- Harvey, it's gotta be scary
or else the Blargus will eat us.
- Candy corn.
- Uh...
what if the kids, uh--
They find a blanket,
but it's too short...
- Candy corn.
- And their feet are cold,
but if they lower it...
- Eh, no, candy corn.
- Their shoulders will be cold!
- No, candy corn!
- Candy corn!
- So they were super
uncomfortable for the rest
of the night!
- Harvey, candy corn!
- Wait! No!
- Candy corn!
Sorry, mate.
It's just you're really,
really bad at being scary.
- Oh, okay.
Well, I guess I'll just go then.
Happy Halloween, guys.
- Wait, Harvey!
- [snoring]
- Dude, come on.
Don't go.
Rooter's right.
I-I don't know what I'm doing.
Everyone's so good at this.
You scare people every day.
How do you do it?
- Okay, you know how you're
so good at giving gifts
because you know
what everyone else likes?
It's the same thing
with scary stories,
only this time you're
giving the gift of fear.
Take Foo.
I know he gets scared
at the slightest sound
of corduroy.
[corduroy scrapes]
- Aah!
- You just gotta use
your thoughtfulness
to emotionally destroy
your audience.
- Hmm, all right.
Well, if that's
what I have to do,
then it's time
to get real scary.
- Guys, I think it's still
Harvey's turn.
- [snoring]
Huh?
- You have the floor.
- [gulps]
Okay.
So the kids go into a room
that's pretty...
pretty damp?
- Harvey, if this is leading up
to a half-eaten pudding
or an empty toilet roll,
let's not.
- [whispers]
Gift of fear!
[corduroy scrapes]
- Ah!
[whimpers]
- Actually, Rooter,
it's different this time.
The kids come to a big,
heavy door.
So the leader says
he can break it down.
- All right,
should be easy enough.
Hiya!
Harvey: But he couldn't.
He was too weak.
He couldn't even lift
a teacup.
- [grunting]
[all gasp]
Oy!
What about his ninja training?
- It's funny, he forgot all
of his ninja training.
Now all he knew how to do
was waste oxygen.
- [panting]
No, no, I don't like that.
- Wow.
Things are heating up.
- They certainly are, Kratz.
But then the kids come upon
a fridge,
and inside, there's the last
frozen dinner in the world.
- Oh, meatloaf.
My favorite.
Huh?
Harvey: But when he checked
the expiration date,
it was expired!
- No!
Those expiration dates
aren't a hard and fast rule!
- And then the baby appeared.
- [gasps]
- Nothing is amazing
and life is just a series
of disappointments.
- Oh, no, no.
- And then...
I'll come back to you.
And then,
Mikey loses his headphones.
- Whoa, wait!
That's who he is!
He has nothing else!
Um, you know what?
I, uh, forgot I have to this,
uh, thing,
so I'm just gonna
walk this way.
Walk...
- Wow.
Everyone smells so scared.
- Dude, awesome job.
- Oh, but Fee,
the story isn't over just yet.
The twins wandered into
a dark attic.
As they explored,
they accidentally unleashed
an ancient curse!
- There's a lot
of storage options up here.
- Did you say something, Foo?
Foo?
Where'd you go?
- What do you mean?
I'm standing right here.
Wait, Fee!
Where are  you going?
- Foo? Answer me!
- Fee? Fee?
Harvey: And they weren't able
to see
or hear each other anymore.
- Are you hiding
in this basket?
- And the halls echoed
with their searching cries.
And then, out of the shadows,
the Blargus came creeping out,
hungry!
He snatched up the kids
one by one.
- Fee! Fee!
- Foo, where are you?
Harvey: As he gripped them
tight before his rotting maw,
he savagely roared...
"Boooo!"
[chuckles]
Weeee!
Happy Halloween!
Heh, all right.
Who wants to go next?
Rooter?
- Um, um...
I need to just lay down
for a while.
- Uh, right on.
Kratz?
Piri Piri?
- I can't really...
follow that.
- Um...Fee?
Foo?
both: Can you hear me?
Can you see me?
Can you hear me?
- Oh, my gosh!
I went too far!
I'm--I'm a monster!
[sobbing]
What have I done?
I didn't see that my power
to warm hearts
could also chill them.
Duality.
[children sobbing]
I've got to fix this.
Guys?
[all gasp]
We have to finish the story.
- We all know how
it's gonna end anyway.
- Nothing matters.
- Wait, just hear me out.
With all the kids in hand,
the Blargus stalked towards
his secret lair...
and a heated pool!
- Huh?
- He's just toying with us
before he eats us.
- Fee?
Are you there?
Harvey: Then a figure stepped
out from the shadows.
Uh, hey, guys.
How's it going?
So, uh, I'm the Blargus.
- Wait.
That's the Blargus?
- Yeah, so, uh, I didn't mean
to freak you out earlier,
but, um,
I hope you like my pool.
And I have some snacks.
Uh, hey there.
Can you open this jar for me?
It's kind of on there tight.
- I don't know if I can.
I'm not the man I used to b--
Oh, my gosh!
It popped right off!
I got my strength back!
- Hey, guys,
help yourselves to my freezer.
It's full of every
frozen TV dinner ever made,
and they never expire.
- Wait!
Whaaaaa?
What about cold French fries?
Pizza without the sauce?
- I have pizza with the sauce
and you can wipe it off.
Then, suddenly, the queen
of the horses appeared again.
- Hey, so, uh,
I was pretty dramatic before,
but I grew up,
and now I see life
as wondrous and exciting!
I mean, look!
I got this juicer!
So...that's pretty cool.
- Um, that's amazing!
- Oh, and look!
The pool water reversed
the spell on the twins!
both: Whoa! Whoa!
- Now you're fused together
into a two-headed sea monster.
both: Whoa!
- Yay! Now we can poke
each other's eyes.
- From that point on, the twins
were never apart again.
- Sweet.
- The Blargus hoped he'd made up
for the damage he'd caused.
- Okay, guys, I just stormed off
and I'm kind of shocked
that nobody came after me.
- Hey, you came back just
in time.
The story just got fun.
- Hehe, cool. I wasn't
out there crying or anything.
Uh, so anyway, the Blargus has
a heated pool or something?
[laughter and chatter]
[fire sizzles out]
- All right, fire's out,
so let's call it a night.
Harvey, I was wrong before.
You're terrifying.
- Aw, thanks, Rooter.
- We should tell scary stories
more often.
- That was brutal, yeah?
- That was really awesome.
♪ ♪
- Hmm, I like that story.
Harvey: Hey, where's Seth?
Fee: Wait, is he your friend?
Harvey: I thought he was
your friend.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪